Readmes/feature layer extrusion to feature layer feature service (#738)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/feature-layer-extrusion/README.md

# Feature layer extrusion

Extrude features based on their attributes.

![Image of feature layer extrusion](feature-layer-extrusion.png)

## Use case

Extrusion is the process of stretching a flat, 2D shape vertically to create a 3D object in a scene. For example, you can extrude building polygons by a height value to create three-dimensional building shapes.

## How to use the sample

Tap the toggle to switch between using population density and total population for extrusion. Higher extrusion directly corresponds to higher attribute values.

## How it works

1. Create a `ServiceFeatureTable` from a URL.
2. Create a feature layer from the service feature table.
   * Make sure to set the rendering mode to dynamic, `statesFeatureLayer.setRenderingMode(RenderingMode.DYNAMIC)`.
3. Apply a `SimpleRenderer` to the feature layer.
4. Set the `ExtrusionMode` of the renderer with `renderer.getSceneProperties().setExtrusionMode(SceneProperties.ExtrusionMode.ABSOLUTE_HEIGHT)`.
5. Set the extrusion expression of the renderer with `renderer.getSceneProperties().setExtrusionExpression("[POP2007]/ 10")`.

## Relevant API

> * ExtrusionExpression

Reviewer: There is no ExtrusionExpression class.

* ExtrusionMode
* FeatureLayer

> * SceneProperties

Reviewer: This class is an inner class, Renderer.SceneProperties

Author: thanks for catching that. It looks like ExtrusionExpression isn't a class at all, and ExtrusionMode is in Renderer.SceneProperties.ExtrusionMode. What do you think about including these?

Author: Thanks for catching this. I've also removed ExtrusionMode because it's internal to SceneProperties, but maybe it's worth putting there again, I don't know.

# Feature layer extrusion

Extrude features based on their attributes.

![Image of feature layer extrusion](feature-layer-extrusion.png)

## Use case

Extrusion is the process of stretching a flat, 2D shape vertically to create a 3D object in a scene. For example, you can extrude building polygons by a height value to create three-dimensional building shapes.

## How to use the sample

Tap the toggle to switch between using population density and total population for extrusion. Higher extrusion directly corresponds to higher attribute values.

## How it works

1. Create a `ServiceFeatureTable` from a URL.
2. Create a feature layer from the service feature table.
   * Make sure to set the rendering mode to dynamic, `statesFeatureLayer.setRenderingMode(RenderingMode.DYNAMIC)`.
3. Apply a `SimpleRenderer` to the feature layer.

> 4. Set `ExtrusionMode` of render, `renderer.getSceneProperties().setExtrusionMode(SceneProperties.ExtrusionMode.ABSOLUTE_HEIGHT)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Set the `ExtrusionMode` of the renderer with `renderer.getSceneProperties().setExtrusionMode(SceneProperties.ExtrusionMode.ABSOLUTE_HEIGHT)`.
```

> 5. Set extrusion expression of renderer, `renderer.getSceneProperties().setExtrusionExpression("[POP2007]/ 10")`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Set the extrusion expression of the renderer with `renderer.getSceneProperties().setExtrusionExpression("[POP2007]/ 10")`.
```

## Relevant API

* ExtrusionExpression
* ExtrusionMode
* FeatureLayer

> * FeatureLayer

Reviewer 2: duplicate feature layer here
